# Development Documentation
-	Tech Aspects: .NET 5.0, postgreSQL, Hangfire 1.8.0, EF Core
-	Technologies needed: postgreSQL/pgAdmin4 are needed in order to get a working database. Working with EF Core within .NET can get tricky, but this documentation can help with a step by step guide in helping getting it set up. (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/data/ef-mvc/intro?view=aspnetcore-5.0)
-	IDEs and frameworks used: Microsoft Visual Studio 2019
-	Folder Structure: Our project’s in a solutions folder that contains two folders. One folder is for the backend and contains items like handlers, models, Interfaces, files for our migrations. The second folder contains our controllers, views, css, and javascript.
-	Important Files: appsettings.json within the SystemMonitoring folder is important in setting up and connecting to the database. postgreSQL/pgAdmin require a set up of a password for accessing the database, and another that is a master password. We recommend that a common password is used for the both, to make the process of opening up the database easier. Tampering with this file could cause issues connecting to the correct port. Another important thing would be the ApiJob.cs file. This runs a task that will put new jobs into the main database as scheduled times. It communicates with a model to gather and store the information gained from an Api of successful and failing jobs. 
-	Running: After clicking IIS Express at the top of visual studio, make sure that pgadmin 4 is opened. This is where we will be able to see a lot of the test data. In the pgAdmin browser, you will know everything is working correctly if a new database by the name of “SystemMonitoring” is near the top. Pgadmin4 can mainly be opened and used for checking to make sure items are entered into the database at given times based on the CRON strings that are used in our HomeController.
-	Interpretation: Once the program is run, there should have been a local tab opened up in the default browser. If all is working well there will be a welcome message and a set of numbers below that verifies that the pull from the API is working. Under this there should be information displayed for new tasks and a tab in the middle a list of some tasks that have ran. After this is working, open pgAdmin, open the SystemMonitoring tab and open Schemas. There should be two schemas from here, one public and one labeled hangfire. Open the public schema, go down to tables and open up “JobResults” and from there right click on JobResults, and click View/Edit Data then on the right click All Rows. This should display the test set of a database with the three instances created.  As long as all is running correctly, the scheduled tasks should be creating new instances every 30 seconds and this can be verified by looking at the time data in pgAdmin. 
